The BBC wants to answer important
questions facing the US today
and we need your help.
Yes, you!
So if you have a story idea, leave a comment below
and we may be getting in touch sooner than you think
with our new series called 'Ask America'.
But who are we?
We are BBC News journalists filming stories all across the country
like this one about the many
jobs a teacher in Oklahoma has to work
to make ends meet.
Yes, I knew what I was
getting into.
Did I think I wasn't going to receive a raise in 10 years?
Absolutely not.
Or this one in Stockton about a Stanford
grad who moved back to save his hometown.
Sometimes I pinch myself like 'yo, you're the mayor.'
Especially comes like problem solving
or like 'why don't why aren't we doing this
or why don't they do that?'
And it's like 'why aren't you doing it? You're the mayor.'
And we publish these videos in all if your favourite places
and formats!
The good news
is were interested in all kinds of topics like...
immigration
education
healthcare
and sports!
But we'd love to hear from you if
there's something happening in your neck
of the woods that you think would be
interesting to the BBC's global audience
We'll be out and about in the coming
weeks to highlight your story ideas and
answer your questions.
So get in touch.
Drop us a line here or via email
Come on.
Ask America.
Hey it's Hannah. I'm one of the video
journalists
who may be coming to your city or town.
If you're interested in
watching the videos we mentioned
about the teachers or the mayor
go ahead and
click the link to my left.
Thanks for watching.